If you train a great AI for sales or
support, no human being, even Amelia
who's the best on her team, no human
being will ever know the product as well
as the AI. They will know every
integration, every spec, every
objection. They will know every similar,
you know, hi, I'm Dada. Is there anyone
like me coming to SAS annual? Yes, you
know, you can say Vanta has been there
for five years. The rep might not know
that. The rep will know every similar
customer, every competitor, everything.
It knows it cold and it doesn't judge
you. It doesn't judge you. Um, okay.
Sorry. All right, I guess I thought I
guess I skipped four. Four wasn't that
important. Okay, five. Five. Um, this is
one that a lot of folks challenge a lot.
I see this all the time on LinkedIn. AI
is not going to work because people want
to talk to people. AI is not going to
really work in sales because people are
going to want to talk to people. Look,
let's be clear. Um, if you have the
world's best sales rep available 24
hours a day that is there for you, I
would rather talk to the the single best
sales rep at any company than an AI. the
single best one. Um, if for no other
reason I can get a sense of the product,
uh, they they'll probably tell me a few
things they shouldn't. I'll get some war
stories. Of course, I want to talk to a
human. But I have to tell you, across
32,000 chats, people love to chat to a
great AI more than a midpack or mediocre
human. They love it. Here's a few.
You're awesome. Thanks for doing what
you do to our AI. Again, thank you.
Great help. Thank you. People love it.
They love to talk to a great AI. And if
you're skeptical that people want to
talk to people, honestly, here's what I
would say. Go go go find five SAS
products today and go inbound and see
how terrible the experience is today.
See how many days it takes to set up a
meeting and then ask them a a slightly
complicated question that you could
figure out from their website. Okay? How
does your Zoom integration work? They're
going to have no idea, but it's right on
the website. You know who will know? The
AI. The AI will know. And people already
across our 32,000 conversations, they
prefer to talk to the AI. So, if you're
skeptical, if you think people want to
talk to people, I'm not saying you're
wrong, but I am saying it may only end
up being true like 10% of the time. And
what you see in this in the support
space, gorgeous again, uh, 20,000 coming
up on 100 million revenue, 20,000
e-commerce customers with AI, what they
found rolling out all these AIs is the
AI is never the number one person in
support, right? These these are these
are these are merchants with typically
five to 500 folks doing human support.
And they found that it's never number
one. It's never the number one agent
that the AI is, but it's always in the
top 10%. It's always in the top 10% of
SEESAT. Think about that. The AI isn't
perfect. It does escalate things to
humans when it needs